NAME                       VERSION           TYPE                    
Simple Launcher            1.1.0.14          binary  (+5 duplicates)  
acl-libs                   2.3.2-r1          apk                      
alpine-baselayout          3.6.8-r1          apk                      
alpine-baselayout-data     3.6.8-r1          apk                      
alpine-keys                2.5-r0            apk                      
alpine-release             3.21.5-r0         apk                      
alsa-lib                   1.2.12-r0         apk                      
anyio                      4.11.0            python                   
aom-libs                   3.11.0-r0         apk                      
apk-tools                  2.14.6-r3         apk                      
audioread                  3.0.1             python                   
autocommand                2.2.2             python                   
backports-tarfile          1.2.0             python                   
bash                       5.2.37-r0         apk                      
beautifulsoup4             4.14.2            python                   
beetcamp                   0.23.0            python                   
beets                      2.5.1             python                   
beets-extrafiles           0.0.7             python                   
blinker                    1.9.0             python                   
brotli-libs                1.1.0-r2          apk                      
busybox                    1.37.0-r13        apk                      
busybox-binsh              1.37.0-r13        apk                      
c-ares                     1.34.5-r0         apk                      
ca-certificates            20250911-r0       apk                      
ca-certificates-bundle     20250911-r0       apk                      
cairo                      1.18.4-r0         apk                      
cairo-gobject              1.18.4-r0         apk                      
catatonit                  0.2.0-r0          apk                      
cdparanoia-libs            10.2-r14          apk                      
certifi                    2025.10.5         python                   
charset-normalizer         3.4.4             python                   
chromaprint                1.5.1-r7          apk                      
chromaprint-libs           1.5.1-r7          apk                      
cjson                      1.7.18-r0         apk                      
cli                        UNKNOWN           binary                   
cli-32                     UNKNOWN           binary                   
cli-64                     UNKNOWN           binary                   
cli-arm64                  UNKNOWN           binary                   
click                      8.3.0             python                   
confuse                    2.0.1             python                   
coreutils                  9.5-r2            apk                      
coreutils-env              9.5-r2            apk                      
coreutils-fmt              9.5-r2            apk                      
coreutils-sha512sum        9.5-r2            apk                      
curl                       8.14.1-r2         apk                      
dbus-libs                  1.14.10-r4        apk                      
duktape                    2.7.0-r1          apk                      
eudev-libs                 3.2.14-r5         apk                      
expat                      2.7.3-r0          apk                      
ffmpeg                     6.1.2-r1          apk                      
ffmpeg-libavcodec          6.1.2-r1          apk                      
ffmpeg-libavdevice         6.1.2-r1          apk                      
ffmpeg-libavfilter         6.1.2-r1          apk                      
ffmpeg-libavformat         6.1.2-r1          apk                      
ffmpeg-libavutil           6.1.2-r1          apk                      
ffmpeg-libpostproc         6.1.2-r1          apk                      
ffmpeg-libswresample       6.1.2-r1          apk                      
ffmpeg-libswscale          6.1.2-r1          apk                      
fftw                       3.3.10-r6         apk                      
fftw-double-libs           3.3.10-r6         apk                      
fftw-long-double-libs      3.3.10-r6         apk                      
fftw-single-libs           3.3.10-r6         apk                      
filetype                   1.2.0             python                   
findutils                  4.10.0-r0         apk                      
flac                       1.4.3-r1          apk                      
flask                      3.1.2             python                   
fontconfig                 2.15.0-r1         apk                      
freetype                   2.13.3-r0         apk                      
fribidi                    1.0.16-r0         apk                      
gdbm                       1.24-r0           apk                      
gdk-pixbuf                 2.42.12-r1        apk                      
giflib                     5.2.2-r1          apk                      
glib                       2.82.5-r0         apk                      
glib-networking            2.80.1-r0         apk                      
glslang-libs               1.3.296.0-r0      apk                      
gmp                        6.3.0-r2          apk                      
gnutls                     3.8.8-r0          apk                      
gobject-introspection      1.82.0-r2         apk                      
graphene                   1.10.8-r5         apk                      
graphite2                  1.3.14-r6         apk                      
gsettings-desktop-schemas  47.1-r0           apk                      
gst-plugins-base           1.24.11-r0        apk                      
gst-plugins-good           1.24.11-r0        apk                      
gstreamer                  1.24.11-r0        apk                      
gstreamer-ptp-helper       1.24.11-r0        apk                      
gui                        UNKNOWN           binary                   
gui-32                     UNKNOWN           binary                   
gui-64                     UNKNOWN           binary                   
gui-arm64                  UNKNOWN           binary                   
h11                        0.16.0            python                   
harfbuzz                   9.0.0-r1          apk                      
httpcore                   1.0.9             python                   
httpx                      0.28.1            python                   
hwdata-pci                 0.393-r0          apk                      
idna                       3.11              python                   
imagemagick                7.1.1.41-r0       apk                      
imagemagick-jpeg           7.1.1.41-r0       apk                      
imagemagick-jxl            7.1.1.41-r0       apk                      
imagemagick-libs           7.1.1.41-r0       apk                      
imagemagick-pango          7.1.1.41-r0       apk                      
imagemagick-tiff           7.1.1.41-r0       apk                      
imagemagick-webp           7.1.1.41-r0       apk                      
imath                      3.1.12-r0         apk                      
importlib-metadata         8.0.0             python                   
inflect                    7.3.1             python                   
itsdangerous               2.2.0             python                   
jaraco-collections         5.1.0             python                   
jaraco-context             5.3.0             python                   
jaraco-functools           4.0.1             python                   
jaraco-text                3.12.1            python                   
jellyfish                  1.2.1             python                   
jinja2                     3.1.6             python                   
jpeg                       9f-r0             apk                      
jq                         1.7.1-r0          apk                      
lame                       3.100-r5          apk                      
lame-libs                  3.100-r5          apk                      
langdetect                 1.0.9             python                   
lap                        0.5.12            python                   
lcms2                      2.16-r0           apk                      
libSvtAv1Enc               2.2.1-r0          apk                      
libass                     0.17.3-r0         apk                      
libasyncns                 0.8-r4            apk                      
libattr                    2.5.2-r2          apk                      
libavc1394                 0.5.4-r3          apk                      
libblkid                   2.40.4-r1         apk                      
libbluray                  1.3.4-r1          apk                      
libbsd                     0.12.2-r0         apk                      
libbz2                     1.0.8-r6          apk                      
libcap2                    2.71-r0           apk                      
libcrypto3                 3.3.5-r0          apk                      
libcurl                    8.14.1-r2         apk                      
libdav1d                   1.5.0-r0          apk                      
libdeflate                 1.22-r0           apk                      
libdovi                    3.3.1-r0          apk                      
libdrm                     2.4.123-r1        apk                      
libdv                      1.0.0-r8          apk                      
libeconf                   0.6.3-r0          apk                      
libelf                     0.191-r0          apk                      
libexpat                   2.7.3-r0          apk                      
libffi                     3.4.7-r0          apk                      
libflac                    1.4.3-r1          apk                      
libgcc                     14.2.0-r4         apk                      
libgomp                    14.2.0-r4         apk                      
libgudev                   238-r0            apk                      
libhwy                     1.0.7-r0          apk                      
libidn2                    2.3.7-r0          apk                      
libiec61883                1.2.0-r4          apk                      
libintl                    0.22.5-r0         apk                      
libjpeg-turbo              3.0.4-r0          apk                      
libjpeg-turbo-utils        3.0.4-r0          apk                      
libjxl                     0.10.4-r0         apk                      
libltdl                    2.4.7-r3          apk                      
libmd                      1.1.0-r0          apk                      
libmount                   2.40.4-r1         apk                      
libncursesw                6.5_p20241006-r3  apk                      
libogg                     1.3.5-r5          apk                      
libopenmpt                 0.7.12-r0         apk                      
libpanelw                  6.5_p20241006-r3  apk                      
libpciaccess               0.18.1-r0         apk                      
libplacebo                 6.338.2-r3        apk                      
libpng                     1.6.47-r0         apk                      
libproc2                   4.0.4-r2          apk                      
libproxy                   0.5.9-r0          apk                      
libpsl                     0.21.5-r3         apk                      
libpulse                   17.0-r4           apk                      
libraw1394                 2.1.2-r5          apk                      
librist                    0.2.10-r1         apk                      
libsharpyuv                1.4.0-r0          apk                      
libshout                   2.4.6-r3          apk                      
libsndfile                 1.2.2-r2          apk                      
libsodium                  1.0.20-r0         apk                      
libsoup3                   3.6.5-r0          apk                      
libsrt                     1.5.3-r0          apk                      
libssh                     0.11.1-r0         apk                      
libssl3                    3.3.5-r0          apk                      
libstdc++                  14.2.0-r4         apk                      
libtag                     1.13.1-r0         apk                      
libtasn1                   4.20.0-r0         apk                      
libtheora                  1.1.1-r18         apk                      
libturbojpeg               3.0.4-r0          apk                      
libunibreak                6.1-r0            apk                      
libunistring               1.2-r0            apk                      
libva                      2.22.0-r1         apk                      
libvdpau                   1.5-r4            apk                      
libvorbis                  1.3.7-r2          apk                      
libvpx                     1.15.0-r0         apk                      
libwebp                    1.4.0-r0          apk                      
libwebpdemux               1.4.0-r0          apk                      
libwebpmux                 1.4.0-r0          apk                      
libx11                     1.8.10-r0         apk                      
libxau                     1.0.11-r4         apk                      
libxcb                     1.16.1-r0         apk                      
libxdamage                 1.1.6-r5          apk                      
libxdmcp                   1.1.5-r1          apk                      
libxext                    1.3.6-r2          apk                      
libxfixes                  6.0.1-r4          apk                      
libxft                     2.3.8-r3          apk                      
libxi                      1.8.2-r0          apk                      
libxml2                    2.13.9-r0         apk                      
libxrender                 0.9.11-r5         apk                      
libxshmfence               1.3.2-r6          apk                      
libxtst                    1.2.5-r0          apk                      
libxv                      1.0.12-r5         apk                      
libxxf86vm                 1.1.5-r6          apk                      
libzmq                     4.3.5-r2          apk                      
lilv-libs                  0.24.24-r1        apk                      
linux-pam                  1.6.1-r1          apk                      
llvm19-libs                19.1.4-r1         apk                      
markupsafe                 3.0.3             python                   
mbedtls                    3.6.5-r0          apk                      
mediafile                  0.13.0            python                   
mesa                       24.2.8-r0         apk                      
mesa-egl                   24.2.8-r0         apk                      
mesa-gbm                   24.2.8-r0         apk                      
mesa-gl                    24.2.8-r0         apk                      
mesa-glapi                 24.2.8-r0         apk                      
more-itertools             10.3.0            python                   
mpdecimal                  4.0.0-r0          apk                      
mpg123                     1.32.9-r0         apk                      
mpg123-libs                1.32.9-r0         apk                      
musicbrainzngs             0.7.1             python                   
musl                       1.2.5-r9          apk                      
musl-utils                 1.2.5-r9          apk                      
mutagen                    1.47.0            python                   
my-test-package            1.0               python                   
nano                       8.2-r0            apk                      
ncurses-terminfo-base      6.5_p20241006-r3  apk                      
netcat-openbsd             1.226.1.1-r0      apk                      
nettle                     3.10-r1           apk                      
nghttp2-libs               1.64.0-r0         apk                      
numactl                    2.0.18-r0         apk                      
numpy                      2.3.4             python                   
oauthlib                   3.3.1             python                   
onevpl-libs                2023.3.1-r2       apk                      
oniguruma                  6.9.9-r0          apk                      
opencore-amr               0.1.6-r1          apk                      
openexr-libiex             3.3.2-r0          apk                      
openexr-libilmthread       3.3.2-r0          apk                      
openexr-libopenexr         3.3.2-r0          apk                      
openexr-libopenexrcore     3.3.2-r0          apk                      
openjpeg                   2.5.2-r0          apk                      
opus                       1.5.2-r1          apk                      
orc                        0.4.40-r1         apk                      
p11-kit                    0.25.5-r2         apk                      
packaging                  24.2              python                   
packaging                  25.0              python                   
pango                      1.54.0-r1         apk                      
pcre2                      10.43-r0          apk                      
pillow                     12.0.0            python                   
pip                        25.2              python                   
pixman                     0.43.4-r1         apk                      
pkgconf                    2.3.0-r0          apk                      
platformdirs               4.2.2             python                   
platformdirs               4.5.0             python                   
procps-ng                  4.0.4-r2          apk                      
pyacoustid                 1.3.0             python                   
pyc                        3.12.12-r0        apk                      
pycairo                    1.28.0            python                   
pycountry                  24.6.1            python                   
pygobject                  3.54.3            python                   
pylast                     6.0.0             python                   
python-dateutil            2.9.0.post0       python                   
python3                    3.12.12-r0        apk                      
python3-discogs-client     2.8               python                   
python3-pyc                3.12.12-r0        apk                      
python3-pycache-pyc0       3.12.12-r0        apk                      
pyyaml                     6.0.3             python                   
rav1e-libs                 0.7.1-r0          apk                      
readline                   8.2.13-r0         apk                      
requests                   2.32.5            python                   
requests-oauthlib          2.0.0             python                   
scanelf                    1.3.8-r1          apk                      
sdl2                       2.30.9-r0         apk                      
serd-libs                  0.32.2-r0         apk                      
setuptools                 80.9.0            python                   
shaderc                    2024.0-r2         apk                      
shadow                     4.16.0-r1         apk                      
shared-mime-info           2.4-r2            apk                      
six                        1.17.0            python                   
skalibs-libs               2.14.3.0-r0       apk                      
sniffio                    1.3.1             python                   
sord-libs                  0.16.16-r0        apk                      
soupsieve                  2.8               python                   
soxr                       0.1.3-r7          apk                      
speex                      1.2.1-r2          apk                      
speexdsp                   1.2.1-r2          apk                      
spirv-tools                1.3.296.0-r0      apk                      
sqlite-libs                3.48.0-r4         apk                      
sratom                     0.6.16-r0         apk                      
ssl_client                 1.37.0-r13        apk                      
tdb-libs                   1.4.12-r0         apk                      
tiff                       4.7.1-r0          apk                      
tomli                      2.0.1             python                   
typeguard                  4.3.0             python                   
typing-extensions          4.12.2            python                   
typing-extensions          4.15.0            python                   
tzdata                     2025b-r0          apk                      
unidecode                  1.4.0             python                   
urllib3                    2.5.0             python                   
utmps-libs                 0.1.2.3-r2        apk                      
v4l-utils-libs             1.28.1-r1         apk                      
vidstab                    1.1.1-r0          apk                      
vulkan-loader              1.3.296.0-r0      apk                      
wavpack-libs               5.7.0-r0          apk                      
wayland-libs-client        1.23.1-r0         apk                      
wayland-libs-cursor        1.23.1-r0         apk                      
wayland-libs-egl           1.23.1-r0         apk                      
wayland-libs-server        1.23.1-r0         apk                      
werkzeug                   3.1.3             python                   
wheel                      0.45.1            python  (+1 duplicate)   
x264-libs                  0.164.3108-r0     apk                      
x265-libs                  3.6-r0            apk                      
xvidcore                   1.3.7-r2          apk                      
xz-libs                    5.6.3-r1          apk                      
zimg                       3.0.5-r2          apk                      
zipp                       3.19.2            python                   
zix-libs                   0.4.2-r0          apk                      
zlib                       1.3.1-r2          apk                      
zstd-libs                  1.5.6-r2          apk                      
